Configuring Atarashii! for Development and Building


Fetching the Code
-----------------
After cloning the Atarashii code, you will need to fetch the third-party
code stored as submodules. In the root Atarashii directory, run the
following command:

  git submodule update --init
 
This will fetch the required third-party libraries used in the code.

We do not normally modify the third party libraries we use, but if you find
yourself working with the submodule code directly, please read about
maintaining submodules at http://git-scm.com/book/en/Git-Tools-Submodules


Importing the Projects to Eclipse with the ADT Plugin
-----------------------------------------------------
You should already have the ADT Plugin installed. If you do not, follow the
instructions at https://developer.android.com/tools/sdk/eclipse-adt.html

NOTE: Eclipse often picks a basic name like "library" or "home" based on the
folder the code is in. It is encouraged to rename the project to that you
can easily identify the items inside your workspace.

First, import each of the third-party modules from inside the third-party
directory. You can do this all at once with the following steps:

  - In Eclipse, create a new "Android Project from Existing Code".
  - Choose the third-party folder.
  - Uncheck every project detected except for the library items. As of the
    last revision of this document, there should be three items checked.
  - It is recommended to update the names of the projects that will be
    created to match the library name.

Next, import the main Atarashii project:

  - In Eclipse, create a new "Android Project from Existing Code".
  - Select the Atarashii project folder inside the checkout.
  - Only select the Atarashii main project.
  - It is recommended that you rename the project from the default name
    suggested by Eclipse.


Fixing the Android Support Library Build Errors
-----------------------------------------------
ActionBarSherlock, Cruton, and Atarashii all use the Android Support Library
for compatibility. This library version must match across all the projects or
you will experience build errors.

To fix the errors around this library, simply add the support library to all
three projects. In Eclipse, this can be done from the context menu when you
right-click a project. From the context menu, select "Android Tools", then
"Add Support Library". This will need to be done individually for all three
projects that require it.



Importing the Project to Android Studio
---------------------------------------
You can also use Android Studio for Atarashii! development.
Make sure you have Android Studio installed. If you do not, follow the
instructions at http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/studio.html

Import the project with "File > Import Project..." or selecting "Import
Project..." on the welcome screen. Select the root directory of the source
you have cloned. Gradle should load all required dependencies.


You should now be able to successfully build and develop Atarashii!


Revision 20140220
